bores and the shape of the league table
and the fact is coming after two points
clear of that relegation zone and
considering the position the Clippers in
when you arrive Keith you must be happy
with how things have gone yeah I'm not
going to make it or turn away from the
fact that I that I am pleased because
people are buying into what we're trying
to bring to the football club you must
be delighted though with how quickly
things have started to go right I know
that it could be a marathon over the
season but you must be happy with how
quickly things have been taking on board
and I've changed yeah definitely I think
the part my interview process one when i
spoke to go to the owners the the board
of directors that are the Chairman I
told mammalia as a player I was a leader
as a coach and a focal point under under
Neil Warnock and then when I meet me yet
me own opportunity at not sky but I did
say that I'm a leader to be a leader
doesn't mean that you just go out in
front and expect people to follow you
what you need to do is you to set the
foundations in place make people
understand and where you want to go why
the why they want to go there and also
explained to me rewards that are there
now I think people are starting to come
on board and you're starting to believe
that we're going in the right direction
we taking small steps but it steps in
the right direction I was watching with
great interest the press conference
downstairs before you became what to
talk to us here on BBC radio camera
sport key thing you talked about
simplicity and how a simplicity made
things work in these early stages
playing well it good when we're dealing
with players the tendency is to to try
to reinvent the wheel and as a coach and
sometimes you need to go back to basics
because I think that's what the players
needed they didn't need to be playing in
holes playing in between the lines well
you can have a look at a lot of football
pundit tree amazing the people
people to claim between of it playing
holes paying between the lines and then
letting players that want to play in
holes and in between lines now
unfortunately the position that we win
we need people to play their position
understand what the minimum required of
their position and then go and play how
does it make you in and you play as feel
when you look around brother Parker mean
we were just looking out the press box
it's from the players at halftime and
full time and just smiles on people's
faces people look like they're enjoying
being a prince and park again what does
it make you feel like how much does it
inspire you to see that to know that
you've played a part of it I think
people are starting to get on board
people stored there after i went from me
i went for coffee with westerly other
day my return piglets as far as to
recognize us might be because westie a
desert his tracks you on TV again as
cash agree was not good rest exactly
what winning the club here on so look
for people starting to say looking for
it in a game so people are there's an
interest being created but also then
people that are coming they're being
rewarded by singing a level of
commitment application desire and
quality there's coming to this being
delivered by the player